solver settings doc updates (#927)
pyansys/pyfluent: doc/source/api/core/solver/settings.rst

.. _ref_settings:

Solver settings objects
=======================
Solver settings objects provide a natural way to access and modify Fluent solver
settings and issue commands to be executed in the Fluent solver.

Accessing solver settings
-------------------------

> An appropriate call to ``launch_fluent`` returns an object (named ``solver`` in

Author: @PipKat I tweaked the above suggetion because it is a function rather than a method.

the following code snippets) whose interface directly exposes the
:ref:`root<settings_root_section>` of the solver settings hierarchy.

.. code-block::

  >>> import ansys.fluent.core as pyfluent
  >>> solver = pyfluent.launch_fluent(mode="solver")

> The ``solver`` object contains attributes such as ``file``, ``setup``, ``solution`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``solver`` object contains attributes such as ``file``, ``setup``, ``solution``, and
```

Author: So, we are supposed to use the Oxford comma? Is that the standard? It's not considered standard English here.

Reviewer: Yes--its standard in tradition Ansys doc and in the Google Developeper's Style Code. The Vale check that is implemented checks that the Oxford comma is there and raises an error if it isn't. The goal is to avoid any possible confusion. The book [Eats, Shoots and Leaves](https://www.amazon.com/Eats-Shoots-Leaves-Commas-Difference/dp/0399244913) refers to a famously misplaced comma in a wildlife manual that ended up suggesting a panda rather violently “eats, shoots and leaves” instead of eating shoots and leaves. Virtually all style guides now recommend using Oxford commas.

``results``, which are also instances of settings objects. Note that the last three are

> top-level nodes in the outline tree view in Fluent's graphical user interface (GUI) - much

Reviewer: ```suggestion
top-level nodes in the outline tree view in Fluent's graphical user interface (GUI). Much
```

> of this settings hierarchy has been designed in close alignment with that GUI hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of this settings hierarchy has been designed in close alignment with this GUI hierarchy.
```

Reviewer: It looks like I didn't comment correctly here. The intent is to avoid a long sentence. I wanted to recommend breaking it out into two sentences rather than using dashes.

Types of settings objects
-------------------------

> A settings object can be one of the primitive types: ``Integer``, ``Real``,``String`` and
> ``Boolean``, or a container object, of which there are three types: ``Group``, ``NamedObject``
> and ``ListObject``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A settings object can be one of the primitive types: ``Integer``, ``Real``,``String``, and
``Boolean``. A settings object can also be one of the three types of container objects: ``Group``, ``NamedObject``,
and ``ListObject``.
```

- The ``Group`` type is a static container with predefined child objects that
  can be accessed as attributes. For example, in ``setup.models.energy``

>   ``energy`` is a child of ``models``, which itself is a child of ``setup``, and each of those 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``energy`` is a child of ``models``, which itself is a child of ``setup``, and each of these 
```

  three objects is a ``Group``. The names of the child objects of a group can be accessed 
  via ``<Group>.child_names``.

> - ``NamedObject`` is a container holding dynamically created named objects. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``NamedObject`` type is a container holding dynamically created named objects. For
```

  a given ``NamedObject`` container, each contained object is of the same
  specific type. A given named object can be accessed using the index operator. For example,
  ``solver.setup.boundary_conditions.velocity_inlet['inlet2']`` yields a ``velocity_inlet``

>   object with the name ``inlet2`` - assuming it exists. The current list of named object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  object with the name ``inlet2``, assuming it exists. The current list of named object
```

If keyword arguments are needed, you can use commands to pass them. To access a
list of valid arguments, use the ``arguments`` attribute. If you do not specify
an argument, its default value is used. Arguments are also settings objects

> and can be of either primitive or container type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and can be of either the primitive or container type.
```

Additional metadata
-------------------
Settings object methods are provided to access some additional metadata. There are
a number of explicit methods and two generic methods: ``get_attr`` and ``get_attrs``.

The following examples access the list of allowed values for a particular state of
the viscous model. All string and string list objects have an ``allowed_values``
method, which returns a list of allowed string values if such a constraint currently applies

> for that object and None otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for that object or returns ``None`` otherwise.
```

  {'allowed-values': ['symmetry-xyplane', 'hot-inlet', 'cold-inlet', 'outlet', 'wall-inlet', 'wall-elbow', 'interior--elbow-fluid']}

> Below is a table of metadata names, corresponding methods to access those metadata, 
> applicable object types and returned data types: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a table of metadata names, corresponding methods to access this metadata, 
applicable object types, and returned data types: 
```

Reviewer: No mention is made of the "Can return None" column.

==================  ==================  =================  =====================  ====================
Metadata name       Method              Can return None    Type applicability     Metadata type
==================  ==================  =================  =====================  ====================
``is-active?``      ``is_active``       no                 all                    ``bool``
``is-read-only?``   ``is_read_only``    no                 all                    ``bool``
``default-value``   ``default``         yes                all primitives         type of primitive
``allowed-values``  ``allowed_values``  yes                ``str``, ``str list``  ``str list``
``min``             ``min``             yes                ``int``, ``float``     ``int`` or ``float``
``max``             ``max``             yes                ``int``, ``float``     ``int`` or ``float``
==================  ==================  =================  =====================  ====================

> Using ``get_attr`` requires knowledge of metadata names and their applicability, as well as the 
> ability to interpret the raw value of the metadata. You can avoid all these issues by using the 
> explicitly named methods. Note also that these metadata are dynamic - values can change based on the
> application state. A ``None`` value signifies that no value is currently designated for that metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the ``get_attr`` method requires knowledge of metadata names, their applicability, and the 
ability to interpret the raw values of the metadata. You can avoid all these issues by using the 
explicitly named methods. Note also that the metadata is dynamic, which means values can change
 based on the application state. A ``None`` value signifies that no value is currently designated for
 this metadata.
```

  >>> from pprint import pprint
  >>> import_filename = examples.download_file("mixing_elbow.msh.h5", "pyfluent/mixing_elbow")
  >>> solver = pyfluent.launch_fluent(mode="solver")
  >>> solver.file.read(file_type="case", file_name=import_filename)
  Fast-loading...
  ...Done
  >>> solver.setup.models.viscous.is_active()
  True
  >>> solver.setup.models.viscous.model.is_read_only()
  False
  >>> solver.setup.models.viscous.model.default_value()
  >>> pprint(solver.setup.models.viscous.model.allowed_values())
  ['inviscid',
   'laminar',
   'k-epsilon',
   'k-omega',
   'mixing-length',
   'spalart-allmaras',
   'k-kl-w',
   'transition-sst',
   'reynolds-stress',
   'scale-adaptive-simulation',
   'detached-eddy-simulation',
   'large-eddy-simulation']
  >>> solver.setup.boundary_conditions.velocity_inlet['cold-inlet'].turb_intensity.min()
  0
  >>> solver.setup.boundary_conditions.velocity_inlet['cold-inlet'].turb_intensity.max()
  1

Active objects and commands
---------------------------
Objects and commands can be active or inactive based on the application state.
The ``is_active()`` method returns ``True`` if an object or command
is currently active.

> The ``get_active_child_names`` method returns the list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``get_active_child_names`` method returns a list of
```

.. code-block::

  >>> solver.solution.run_calculation.get_active_command_names()
  ['iterate']

.. _settings_root_section:

Root object
-----------

> The ``root`` object (named solver in the above examples) is the top-level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``root`` object (named solver in the preceding examples) is the top-level
```
